Kick-off of the 2030 NBA draft.
- As improbable as it seems...
...there's no clear-cut consensus
on the number one pick.
Will it be the high-flying dynamo,
Damani Alexander?
Or one of the phenomenal Bell Brothers,
Josh and Jordan Bell?
-A pair of young superstars...
...rising on the horizon, looming large.
They chose to skip the draft festivities,
preferring to watch from home tonight,
waiting to see what will happen.
I can only imagine the nerves...
We were a net tied together...
until the shots stopped falling...
until we started losing...
until we stopped playing together.
Stay focused.
Hey, green, green!
We’re in last place, Bron.
I gotta make the plays.
This losing stuff has me dazed.
I... I gotta be fearless, face defeat,
and keep shootin'. Show grit
that's pure hot and deep-rooted.
- If you can hear me, King James...
- ...please banish this cold streak.
- And bless JB with an early release
- of the LeBron 21s. Size nine. Amen.
- Look, man, I stank tonight.
- Come on, man. You balled. It’s one game.
Four games. Four!
And if we lose the next one,
that means goodbye
to Beacon Academy,
goodbye to the NBA,
and goodbye to our future.
I won't have a future if I don't turn in
my assignment. Just cool out.
Man, I'm talking
about our lifelong dreams ending
if we don't win this week...
- ...and you say cool out?
See, that's what I'm talking about
right there.
What's the common denominator
of this cold streak?
- Your little girlfriend.
- You're blaming Alexis for losing?
Think about it. She comes back to school,
and then what? Bang! We losing?
- You are wild, bro. Are you jealous?
Look, all I'm saying is maybe,
just maybe,
you've upset the basketball gods.
It's called the King James Bible,
but LeBron is not your savior, all right?
You got jokes
but the game is sacred, man.
- Sometimes, it demands a sacrifice.
- You sound crazy.
- Yo, are y... Are you good? You s...
- Hey, look.
Just worry about the game, all right?
I got me covered just fine.
Hey, you. What's up?
How's your night going?
Better now.
I knew the strong ones
had a little magic in their souls.
Persevered. Never quit.
Because they saw the unseen,
chased the impossible,
believed in something greater
than themselves,
and had the faith
that they could be great too.
That's what I wanted. What I needed.
Caught you leaning. Watch the hips.
Man can't move without his hips.
Hips don't lie. Am I right?
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
- Filthy! You got Gillespie’d!
- Yo, what that mean?
Once upon a time, somebody knocked over
Dizzy Gillespie's horn,
- and it bent the bell.
- Oh.
- Zuma bent you like Dizzy's bell.
- What? He was fouling me all night, okay?
And the refs clearly forgot
how to use their whistles.
All right. Come on, now.
You gotta give him credit, okay?
- He put a spell on y'all. He hexed you.
- Dang, Dad. Have some faith in us.
Faith is fine,
but you gotta put in the work.
Faith without works is dead.
Chuck. Be easy.
All right, look. We're in a hole,
but we can climb out.
Still get back in the race. One win,
and we back in. Say it. "One win...
- One win...
-"...and we back in."
- ...and we back in.
- One win and we back in.
Good morning, Maya.
- Good morning.
I hope you're hungry.
We are overflowing in flapjacks.
Oh, take some home for your dad, too.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, just a long week.
Hmm.
- Maya.
- Yeah?
Now you tell me, is that D?
- Like, "D" for dancing? Like...
- Uh. Slide to the left.
- Hey! Now slide to the right.
- Now, where is your head at, JB?
Yo, it's probably on his girlfriend.
- Girlfriend?
- My man. How she look?
She fine.
Ooh!
How long have you had a girlfriend?
Who said you could have a girlfriend?
And how do you have time for a girlfriend
when you don't have time for homework?
- I got time for both. It’s cool.
- I am privy to your progress reports.
So, no, it's not "cool."
You do not have time for both.
She's a girl, all right? It's not a crime.
Until your grades are up,
you do not have a girlfriend. Understand?
A social life is a perk
as long as you taking care of business
in school and on the court.
Yeah, we can get you help
if you need help.
But you cannot fall so far behind, JB.
Can I just go?
- Please?
- Go.
Get...
You need to get a handle on that.
- Honey, honey.
- He is spiraling.
Listen, he's gonna be okay.
I got an appointment, babe.
I don't wanna be late.
- You want me to come?
- Mm-mm. I'm good.
You s...
Basketball rule
number two. Work smart, live smarter.
Oh! Let's go!
Play hard, practice harder.
All right. Here we go.
Honor the greatness inside you.
- Believe in the process.
- Can I come in?
Rejoice at the result.
- Yo!
- What's your problem, bro?
- Mom won't let me see Alexis
'cause you had
to open your big, old mouth.
Hey, yo, I'm sorry.
I didn't know it was a secret.
(OVER PHONE) I live rent free
in Filthy's head.
He can't make a move
without thinking about me first.
I played this dude my whole life.
He's never beat me.
If he's filthy, then I'm dirty.
- Why is he like this?
- You clowned him in fourth grade.
He brought a guinea pig to show and tell.
Everybody clowned him.
Oh, snap. Dude, the coach
from Beacon Academy just liked the post.
- Coach Howard?
Yeah.
Oh, my God. How can this get any worse?
I've been doing everything I possibly can.
Been praying to whoever will listen.
I guess they're not hearing me.
Look, I know what I gotta do.
It's time to get drastic.
Wait. Drastic how?
- Magic.
- Johnson?
No. Not no Magic Johnson. Magic, magic.
Look, I heard of a priest who said
the Pelicans were cursed.
And if they can get cursed, so can we.
Which is why I think we need voodoo.
- I'm not about to play with you.
- Bro, what are you talking about?
Talking about benediction,
as in, getting back in the good graces.
-  Maybe he is cursed.
And unblocking the blessings.
Can't shoot for nothing! Golly.
As in Filthy gets his groove back.
Chuck.
Sorry to bring you in so abruptly.
Tell me something good, Doc.
I wish I could. Your numbers
have nearly doubled since I last saw you.
And like I said during your initial visit,
controlling your diabetes
was going to be a key factor.
Right.
- Right now,
you're looking at renal failure.
We'll run more tests,
but a transplant may be imminent.
-  A tra...
- Listen, it could be six years.
It could be six months.
But I won't mince words, Chuck.
This is dire.
I'd like to discuss options.
- Bro, it is hotter than a fire ant's butt
and you got us walking to a voodoo store?
- Yup.
- You're buying beignets.
Hey, Alexis. You will not believe
- what Filthy got us walking to.
- You really think this is a good idea?
I mean, if you have a better one,
I'm all ears.
Voodoo isn't a joke. There's no shortcut
for solving real-life problems.
Trust me on that.
Doesn't your dad light a candle, like,
every day in the hopes that your mom
will find her way home?
Isn't that some kind of magic?
She's not coming back,
no matter how many candles he lights.
- Look, I'm sorry. Okay? I...
- Just don't put all your faith in magic.
This is real-life.
Maya the Defiant.
Sometimes, it was endings with her,
other times it was sunsets.
She reminded me of what it meant
to face defeat.
To lose big, and to keep going,
even when the past tried to drag you down
like an anchor.
Welcome, welcome, welcome
to the House of Voodoo.
We got all your voodoo needs.
Spells, curses, rabbit's feet, potions, keychains.
You got anything to help me sleep?
- Yeah, whiskey.
-  Are you for real?
It's the French Quarter.
Age ain't but a number.
Hey, Maya. Look,
they got love potions if you need one.
If I need a love potion for someone,
they're not worth it.
Yo, what is wrong with you?
And what are we here for anyway?
Um. Victory oil? Ah, good luck balm?
To be honest with you
my sweet, sweet brother, I don't know.
But I will when I see it.
- Hmm. Hmm.
- Found what you're looking for?
Uh... Yeah. Yeah.
If he's filthy then I'm dirty.
A Zuma doll.
Use your legs, bro. Come on.
Come on.
- Oh!
Yeah!
- RKO out of nowhere.
- You can't see me.
- You can't see him.
You know, this thing
is surprisingly well-made.
- How'll we know if it works?
- I don't really know, but that was fun.
It's your dad.
I went to the doctor's,
and the news wasn't that good.
I need to leave something for you.
Basketball rules of life.
Basketball rule number one.
"The ball is your heart."
You auditioning
for the Real Househusbands of New Orleans?
- Hey, babe.
Well, wife's rule number one is
clean the skillet
after you make flapjacks.
What are they doing?
Long as nothing breaks,
I don't wanna know. Are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm just tired.
Hmm.
What'd your doctor say?
She said that I should be more attentive
to my beautiful, hardworking wife.
- That's what she said?
- Mm-hmm. Why don't you come here?
And what you gonna do?
- Uh. Maybe I'll give you
one of them famous Chuck Bell
karate-grip foot massages.
You don't have to ask me twice.
So, how's that...
...dream job treating you?
Nobody tells you with great power
comes great piles of paperwork.
- Mm-hmm.
Problem is, what I'm good at,
there's no time for.
Yeah, I haven't had a moment to sit down
with my family.
Hmm. Baby, you're gonna find the balance.
I hope so.
Oh!
- Knock it off!
I'm crunkin'. Criss-crossin'.
Flossin'. Flippin'.
Taking left then flippin'.
Stop on a dime, dippin'. Watch out!
Gonna leave you slippin'
while I swoop in for the finish. Swish!
Money!
Give this man a new wallet.
Remember when you was two,
and I taught you the game?
Man, your mom thought I was crazy.
You had a ball in one hand,
a bottle in another.
I was crazy.
I was crazy about my twin boys.
Son, you is a straight baller.
Come here. Come on.
- Dad. Dad, Dad, Dad.
- Come here, boy.
- Dad, what's going on?
- What? You too big for a hug?
Yes. But real talk.
I know you had a doctor's appointment.
Is everything okay? Like, you're not sick
- or anything like that, right?
- No.
Your old man is just getting old.
Hey, ball your next game.
Boy.
I mean, school sucks. Basketball sucks.
- Not seeing you sucks.
Wait. So, she won't let you see me at all?
Nope. Not until I get my grades up.
Well, just tell her we're studying.
I mean, she'd like that, right?
Think about it.
Then we could hang out more.
Dang, I miss you.
...he beat me to the summit,
then we have the Renaissance...
- Your mom.
Hey!
- You can't do everything.
- I can't?
You know you can lean on me. I mean,
I am your Vice P. I got your back.
Hey, why don't you
delegate some tasks my way?
I'm more than qualified.
He is. He's been Vice Principal for,
is it five years? Right, Basil?
- Yes, Janice.
- Mm-hmm.
I know we haven't spoken
about my promotion.
Doesn't matter.
Best candidate got the job. Period.
- Mm-hmm.
- I got you.
Just consider me your Vice Princi-pal.
Magic realism and speculative fiction.
Artists like Octavia Butler
- and Gabriel Garcia Marquez...
Yeah.
...use the genre
to elevate people of color.
Words open doors to new worlds,
to better tomorrows.
They allow faith to overwhelm fear.
And when you doubt, it allows belief.
You have to believe that magic is real.
So, in the Parable of the Sower,
what does that mean to you?
Alexis?
The main character is empathetic
and feels others' literal pain.
She's lost, but she trusts her instincts.
Her voice is her instrument.
Her passion becomes her drive.
Nice.
- Oh.
So, she has superpowers like Iron Man.
He's dope.
JB, we raise our hands.
Okay. So, your outlines
for the passion project
- are due one week from today.
- Great. More work. Dope.
Hey, Ms. Rojas-Pierre, you like Iron Man?
He took his disability
and made it his superpower.
No, Wolverine's better.
He got healing powers, baby. He can't die.
Okay. Let's focus.
He had an arc reactor for a heart.
- Yo.
Yo!
- Chill out, bruh.
- JB, this is your last warning.
Have you seen the Avengers movies?
They are dope. Yo, Infinity War? Yo!
- Sit down, JB.
- You are bugging, Maya.
- Thanos was like what?
Okay. That is enough.
Mr. Bell, you already got
your last warning. You go. Now.
- Ma.
- Detention, JB? Seriously?
You put Ms. Rojas-Pierre in that position?
- Mom, it wasn't that seri...
- Dr. Bell.
And there is never a time for disrespect.
Certainly never with a teacher.
One infraction point.
- Mom.
- Dr. Bell.
I mean, imagine if your mom was here.
I am horrified. Mortified, Dr. Bell.
I promise it will never happen again.
To be sure, I'm taking his phone.
- Mom!
Dr. Bell.
You stopped taking your medication,
didn't you?
JB.
It was just for a month or so.
I was doing fine, then...
No, no, no, no. Listen to me, JB.
Your ADHD is not going away.
You will be dealing with this
for your entire life.
I don't wanna be this way, Mom.
I hate taking the pills.
They make me feel dead inside.
Okay. Okay.
Well, we'll talk to your doctor.
And we'll get you a tutor.
Whatever you need.
I should have known.
I... I mean, I saw you flailing.
- I guess I was just too busy...
It's not your...
- I'm sorry.
- It's not your fault, Mom.
I just wanna be okay.
You will. We all will.
Sorry, Dr. Bell.
Boy, call me Mom.
But only when we're alone, okay?
What do I bring to Beacon next year?
That's easy. Showtime, baby.
Oh, I see one of my biggest fan boys
is watching the live. Whaddup, Filthy?
Hey, Filth, the court is mine.
This season, next season.
I am that guy.
Hey, actually, I should be asking Filthy
this question directly.
Who thinks he should join my live?
He's just one dude, yo. There's gonna be
a bunch of Zumas in your life, all right?
So what? Let this clown
keep talking trash?
Nah. Use your superpower and light him up.
Filthy style. Hey, give me the phone.
Come on.
Hey, real talk. You don't want none
of this smoke, Zuma.
I don't want that knotty haircut.
You wanna talk about hair?
You know you jealous of my mane, man.
Mm!
-  Look, if my hair was a tree
You'd climb it
You'd kneel down beneath and enshrine it
Every day before school, I unwind it
And right before games, I entwine it
These twists on my head, I designed it
That mop on your head
- We decline it
Say what you want, man, I don't mind it
Just know I got gold
-You still mining it!
You still mining it!
- Oh!  Hey, good job, man.
- Yeah!  Get it!
I mean, she'd like that, right?
Think about it.
You getting really good.
Just pop over? You can't text?
My fault. My mom took my phone.
And I'm sorry for trippin'
in English class like that.
It's like my mind gets all twisted,
and I can't stop.
Come sit.
When I get all twisted, I write music.
It helps. What helps you?
Nothing really.
I'll help you, JB.
Nobody sees me... except you.
Are you okay?
I have ADHD.
I'm supposed to take meds, but...
it makes me all dizzy, and I can't sleep.
So, I stopped and I figured
I can handle things on my own.
- And my mom found out...
- It's okay. I'm right here.
That song you were playing...
I...
I googled your doctor.
You're going to see a kidney specialist?
- Dad, a... are you dying?
- No.
- No, son. I'm... I'm not.
- Look, I'm not a little kid.
I... I know.
Come over here, man. Come on.
- Remember my favorite playoffs?
Lakers down 16
at the end of the third, right?
Kobe, Shaq, Phil.
The whole legacy is in balance.
And what happened? Come on, what happened?
- They went off.
- Mm-hmm.
Mamba lobbed it up to Shaq Diesel,
like, bam!
- You know, they came back and won.
Yeah, well, that's me. I'mma come back,
and I'mma win this thing.
I'm right here.
I'm not going anywhere.
Yo, Pops.
Hey. Uh-uh.
There are rules in this house,
- and one is you do not sneak out.
- I wasn't even gone long.
Okay. I don't care.
Your mom and I need to know where you are.
- I'm sorry, Dad.
- Don't break our trust. Both of you.
What did I do?
Something happens to one of you,
the other one feels the repercussion.
And that's forever, you understand?
Now, I'm not gonna tell your mom.
But you better get your act together fast.
All right.
Hey...
- So was it worth it?
Yeah, man.
It was magical.
- What in the...?
What are you doing with a voodoo doll?
Give me that.
Look, I need a little bit of magic,
okay, Mom? I gotta break this curse.
Look, we're losing.
And my career, my future,
my dreams are in flux.
What if we don't get into Beacon?
And what player do you know
that's five-seven?
Dad is six-one.
We need a miracle.
I hear you, but this is not something
you play with.
- Why?
- Because voodoo isn't just magic.
- It's a religion. We need to honor that.
Look, when your ancestors were stolen
from their homes in Africa
and brought to America,
they carried with them their traditions
to fight even when victories
were few and far between.
- You can still win, son.
- I gotta win...
for Dad.
Let's go.
Come on, man. Remember the play.
Oh, I hope it's a good game today.
We really need this win.
Come on, boys. You got this!
All right, kids.
Let's go, let's go, let's go.
- All right.
At halftime, the Tigers at 27.
Your Langston Hughes Lions, 20.
Everybody give a big hand
to the Lion pep squad.
I know you're carrying a lot.
My office is always open.
And my home is always open.
No judgement. Just me and you.
Thanks.
You always know.
Uh-oh. Here comes trouble.
But they used to be so close
when they were little. What happened?
- Well, Zuma got big, Filthy didn't.
- Mm-hmm.
But they're the same dudes.
They're more alike than they know.
Someone just needs to remind them.
Timeout. Timeout.
All right, first, um, I'm proud of you.
You...  ...uh, you fought through
and like I always told you,
it's not about that score.
The question is, did we execute?
Yes, right? We executed.
You was good on your matchups.
I gotta win...
for dad.
Your dad loves you.
We both do, win or lose.
And look, if you wanna break a curse,
start believing in yourself.
Wholly and solely.
It's in you.
It's like I always say,
it's not what's on that score...
Hold on, Coach.
Y'all acting like we lost already.
And Big V...
...what's going on with your face?
Look, why we playin'?
- 'Cause there's a game.
No.
Because there's a game that we love.
It's in us.
There's no shame in losing
because it makes us tougher, but we fight.
And we keep fighting, through strife,
through struggle.
But we gotta have faith in ourselves.
Our strength is our belief in us.
In all of us.
You heard him? It's in us, y'all,
all right? What we gonna do, Filthy?
- We're gonna win this game.
- I know that's right.
We should still pray though, right?
- Oh, yeah, no doubt.
Mm.
We were always a net tied together.
And when we believed in each other...
it was like magic.
Go!
Hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Whoo!
Let's go, all the way!
Stay in the game. Stay in the game.
Stay on your man. Keep 'em up.
Hell yeah! Yeah!
The ball was our wand.
All we had to do
was wave it and have faith
that all the work we put in would pay off.
But there's also this thing called "luck."
And now it's time, folks,
the moment we've all been waiting for.
Selection is in.
With the first pick in the 2030 NBA Draft,
the Los Angeles Lakers...
Yeah!